hello this is p.m. dinner thank you so
much for tuning in to b2b marketing and
more with me this is a place that I want
to help you to become a better b2b
marketer I share my templates know how
an experience so you can think
strategically and do your job better
hopefully by doing that you'll get
promoted faster for today I want to
answer Andy's question Andy send me a
quick question and basically said hey
Pam how can we transform a traditional
marketing organization to more content
centric that's actually a very broad
question and we can answer in multiple
different ways but I want to tackle that
from two sides one from the marketing
Anne and the olive oyl's found the sales
side the first thing I would suggest you
to do andy is that you need to do some
homework you need to actually do a
little surveys within the marketing
organization just to understand how
traditional marketing is working for
your organization everybody happy about
it Thanks getting done are you getting
the results that you need at the same
time you need to gauge how people react
to changes some organization they
embrace changes if you want to do
something they said oh yeah let's go
with it but there are some organizations
a whole lot more conservative it does
take some time to get everybody on board
so you need to gauge that sentiment
within the organization so gauging our
sentiment and understand the gap and
then find a couple recommendations from
your perspective can actually facilitate
and the help that change from more
traditional marketing organization to
more content centric one and depending
on the resistance or the changes you
know how they adapt the changes you can
make recommendation based on you know
smaller scope or the bigger scope and
present your recommendation to your
senior management any kind of changes
like this you need senior managers
buying you cannot just do it on bottoms
up it's very very hard
get it buying get a budget you need to
get approve and then take it from there
so that would be my recommendation in
terms of how to make the changes or try
to
transform the traditional marketing
organization to a more content centric
let's assume that the people in the
marketing organizations are incredibly
conservative and they really are not
ready for the changes yet maybe you can
tackle that from the sales side the way
I would suggest is you have a
conversation with a sales team right try
to understand that their sales stages
and the sales processes and the
methodology and the map out their sales
stages and identify a specific content
pieces they want me for each sales stage
and some of that your papi can source
from existing content library some of
them you probably need to create then
create something like the content
recommendation for each sales stage and
then review that with the sales team and
ask them if they are interested to
actually see something like this for the
sales team either by persona by products
by industry segments or even by sales
stages right so as their interest or
gauge their interest if they are
interested that's fantastic then you can
carry on the conversation and work with
them to determine how you want to
implement that at the same time you can
also request budget from them trying to
get some of the content production
completed a quick summary and take away
how do you transform the traditional
marketing program to more content
centric there are two ways you can
approach it one is from the marketing
side the other one is from the sales
side on the marketing side try to
understand what are some of the elements
are not working well and gauge the
overall sentiment of how people react to
changes within the marketing
organization proposed a recommendation
and get senior management spying on the
sell side understand the sales stages
and try to map the content to different
sales stages then source the existing
content and also the new content from
your perspective that will help them
alright so that's it for today I hope
it's very helpful to you if you like the
please subscribe below or share your
comments share with me in terms of how
you facilitate other changes within the
organization to make your Ganesha more
content centric thank you so much for
tuning in to b2b marketing and more with
Pam dinner I hope to see you next time
you